README.md, before:

# 🎵 Vinyl Store Web Application – Admin Panel

![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP-777BB4?style=for-the-badge\&logo=php\&logoColor=white)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-563D7C?style=for-the-badge\&logo=bootstrap\&logoColor=white)
![MariaDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MariaDB-003545?style=for-the-badge\&logo=mariadb\&logoColor=white)

This repository contains the **PHP-based administration panel** for the Vinyl Store Web Application.
It allows store administrators to manage users, products, and orders efficiently.

---

## 🧩 Overview

The Admin Panel complements the main Java + Tomcat website by providing **backend management capabilities**:

### 🛠️ Admin Features

* Manage users: activate, modify, or delete accounts
* Add, edit, and remove vinyl records from the catalog
* View and manage customer orders
* Dashboard with statistics and quick actions

The panel is built with **PHP and Bootstrap** and connects to the same **MariaDB database** used by the main website.

---

## ⚙️ Tech Stack

| Layer           | Technologies                         |
| --------------- | ------------------------------------ |
| **Frontend**    | Bootstrap 5, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript |
| **Backend**     | PHP                                  |
| **Database**    | MariaDB                              |
| **IDE / Tools** | Visual Studio Code                   |

---

## 🚀 Installation & Setup

### 1. Prerequisites

Before running the Admin Panel, ensure you have:

* 🐘 **PHP 8+**
* 🐬 **MariaDB Server**
* 💻 **Visual Studio Code** or any PHP editor
* 🌐 A local server environment (e.g., XAMPP, WAMP, MAMP, or Docker)

### 2. Database Configuration

1. Make sure the **MariaDB database** used by the main site is running.
2. Update the connection details in `baseDatos.php` with your database credentials.

```php
$recurso = mysqli_connect("localhost","user","password","database_name",port);
```

### 3. Running the Admin Panel

Run the PHP server from VS Code:
Right-click the main PHP file → PHP Server: Serve Project
Then visit http://localhost:3000

## 🎨 Features

* ✅ User management (CRUD operations)
* ✅ Product catalog management (CRUD operations)
* ✅ Order overview and management
* ✅ Responsive layout with Bootstrap
* ✅ Simple and intuitive dashboard

---

## 🖼️ Screenshots

### 🖥️ Admin Dashboard

![Admin Dashboard Screenshot](/demofiles/admin_dashboard.png)

### 💿 Product Management

![Product Management Screenshot](/demofiles/admin_products.png)

### 👤 User Management

![User Management Screenshot](/demofiles/admin_users.png)

---

## 🧠 Learnings

This admin panel demonstrates:

* PHP backend development and MVC structure concepts
* Database connectivity with **MariaDB**
* Bootstrap-powered responsive design for administrative interfaces

---

## 📚 References

* [PHP Official Documentation](https://www.php.net/docs.php)
* [Bootstrap 5 Documentation](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.3/getting-started/introduction/)
* [MariaDB Foundation](https://mariadb.org/)

Commit message:

Include media assets notice in README
Added a notice about missing media assets due to copyright.

README.md, after:

# 🎵 Vinyl Store Web Application – Admin Panel

![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP-777BB4?style=for-the-badge\&logo=php\&logoColor=white)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-563D7C?style=for-the-badge\&logo=bootstrap\&logoColor=white)
![MariaDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MariaDB-003545?style=for-the-badge\&logo=mariadb\&logoColor=white)

This repository contains the **PHP-based administration panel** for the Vinyl Store Web Application.
It allows store administrators to manage users, products, and orders efficiently.

---

## 🧩 Overview

The Admin Panel complements the main Java + Tomcat website by providing **backend management capabilities**:

### 🛠️ Admin Features

* Manage users: activate, modify, or delete accounts
* Add, edit, and remove vinyl records from the catalog
* View and manage customer orders
* Dashboard with statistics and quick actions

The panel is built with **PHP and Bootstrap** and connects to the same **MariaDB database** used by the main website.

---

## ⚙️ Tech Stack

| Layer           | Technologies                         |
| --------------- | ------------------------------------ |
| **Frontend**    | Bootstrap 5, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript |
| **Backend**     | PHP                                  |
| **Database**    | MariaDB                              |
| **IDE / Tools** | Visual Studio Code                   |

---

## 🚀 Installation & Setup

### 1. Prerequisites

Before running the Admin Panel, ensure you have:

* 🐘 **PHP 8+**
* 🐬 **MariaDB Server**
* 💻 **Visual Studio Code** or any PHP editor
* 🌐 A local server environment (e.g., XAMPP, WAMP, MAMP, or Docker)

### 2. Database Configuration

1. Make sure the **MariaDB database** used by the main site is running.
2. Update the connection details in `baseDatos.php` with your database credentials.

```php
$recurso = mysqli_connect("localhost","user","password","database_name",port);
```

### 3. Running the Admin Panel

Run the PHP server from VS Code:
Right-click the main PHP file → PHP Server: Serve Project
Then visit http://localhost:3000

## 🎨 Features

* ✅ User management (CRUD operations)
* ✅ Product catalog management (CRUD operations)
* ✅ Order overview and management
* ✅ Responsive layout with Bootstrap
* ✅ Simple and intuitive dashboard

---

## 🖼️ Screenshots

### 🖥️ Admin Dashboard

![Admin Dashboard Screenshot](/demofiles/admin_dashboard.png)

### 💿 Product Management

![Product Management Screenshot](/demofiles/admin_products.png)

### 👤 User Management

![User Management Screenshot](/demofiles/admin_users.png)

---
⚠️ Media Assets Notice

Please note: For copyright reasons, the following media assets are not included in this repository:

    Album cover images used in the product catalog

These proprietary assets have been removed to respect intellectual property rights. You will need to provide your own images and videos for these elements when running the application locally.

---
## 🧠 Learnings

This admin panel demonstrates:

* PHP backend development and MVC structure concepts
* Database connectivity with **MariaDB**
* Bootstrap-powered responsive design for administrative interfaces

---

## 📚 References

* [PHP Official Documentation](https://www.php.net/docs.php)
* [Bootstrap 5 Documentation](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.3/getting-started/introduction/)
* [MariaDB Foundation](https://mariadb.org/)
